I was born to Christian parents.
They always tried to instill in us a love for Jehovah,
but I felt quite lonely growing up, and I felt like I didn't have people who wanted to do the same things.
The lifestyle, the way they spoke, the music they were listening to,
and so for me, the real struggle was, where do I stand?
Where are my boundaries going to be set?
It's really hard, because it could be the difference between having a friend and not having a friend.
Over the years, I've talked to several who perhaps drifted a little bit in the truth,
and that unfortunately happened to some of my friends.
Nobody is immune to the pressures of the world.
I was born and raised by Christian parents,
so all through my childhood and teenage years, I was happy serving Jehovah,
but they got a little bit harder when I started to work.
People at work would ask to do social activities with them, go for a drink and things,
but there were men who would ask me to go out with them.
It's flattering when someone shows interest in you, so it was nice,
but it was hard to have to constantly remind yourself,
well, you know that this is not going to be successful,
you know this person doesn't love Jehovah.
I remember one day I drove into a parking lot,
and I just prayed to Jehovah with tears in my eyes, and I said,
this is too hard.
This is just too hard.
The people that were my friends are starting to leave the truth.
I feel quite lonely, but I want to serve you.
To that prayer I went home.
I spoke to my mom, and she got really quiet, and she just looked at me and said,
anything Jehovah tells you is to benefit yourself.
And it clicked in that moment that Jehovah was saying to me,
I love you, I will carry you through this time,
and you'll see that there will be all these blessings that open up to you,
and you have a really wonderful, colorful life,
but you have to hang in there.
Even though it was hard, I resisted the temptation,
but someone close to me who faced the same pressure,
gave in and ended up leaving Jehovah.
But when I heard that she was disfellowshipped,
it was just completely hit me so hard,
because you really are just worried about what is going to happen with their future.
After a while, she did come back to Jehovah.
She's raising a child on her own.
One day we were having a video chat,
and with a little one just playing in the background.
But she suddenly turned around and went,
mommy, why did you marry someone who doesn't love Jehovah?
She understood that we need to live according to Jehovah standards.
As elders, we can help people to get up and get back on the path to life,
and it's a real pleasure.
I'm reminded about the account of David.
Eventually he was forgiven, but Jehovah, because he had a good heart.
However, there were consequences all through his life.
I receive so many blessings, he's sticking to Jehovah.
I found a lovely brother to marry in the Christian congregation,
and we're very happy together.
The thing to do is just stick with Jehovah,
taste and see that Jehovah is good.
When you do that, you will appreciate that there is absolutely no need to go anywhere else.
Having observed what has happened to people who've left the truth,
and the baggage they sometimes end up carrying
when they come back into the truth.
It makes me feel it's just not worth it.
Really, Jehovah is like a parent.
He wants to protect us and care for us.
Things will always work out for the best if you do things Jehovah's way.
I feel my families had many blessings as a husband and a father.
I've got four children who've all grown up in the truth,
and they've all gone on to have good theoretical lives
where they've enjoyed many privileges of service.
So for me, it's been a real blessing to do things Jehovah's way.
I think when you test out the world, Satan will give you immediate satisfaction.
But when you serve no purpose to him anymore, that's it.
One of the most beautiful blessings I've received is people around you.
Love Jehovah who want to serve him the way you do.
I really strongly believe that Jehovah not only gives us a lot of blessings,
but gives us blessings that he's hand-picked for us.
My observation would be, experience is not the best teacher
Jehovah is the best teacher.